meanwhile Israel continues its deadly
air attacks across Gaza strikes targeted
the South Central and Northern parts of
the strip overnight areas in central
Gaza have also been under heavy shelling
within the last hour Israeli war planes
targeted homes in De alala at least
three people have been killed overnight
air strikes also hit Al B refugee camp
wounding many people most of them
children let's speak now to T abuo he's
in units in the southern part of the
Gaza Strip T I'm going to speak to you
about uh those strikes in a minute but
first I wanted to get your reaction uh
and the reactions of people there to the
announcement of this ceasefire and then
to the news early this morning that it
was to be
delayed yes uh the delay of uh ceasefire
of reaching the ceasefire agreement
between Hamas and Israel was like a
hammer or plow more than 2.3 million
Palestinians in the Gaza Strip who were
praying to end uh 47 days of Relentless
uh destruction and even bombing on both
sides and with the ongoing also of
destructions of all civil infrastructure
and with the continuous uh cut off food
water and even fuel across the territory
Palestinians were waiting this ceasefire
in order to have a glimmer of hope in
order to return back again to the houses
or at least to receive a float of a
humanitarian a that would partially
mitigate the the deterioration in the
humanitarian conditions inside Gaza
Strip now with this delay that took
place between uh both parts as also the
talks are uh witnessing a clear
advancement and even did not stop during
the last couple of hours in order to
reach the agreement but this is this
delay had to placed due to some
logistical issues that have been also
now being conducted by both sides in
order to reach the agreement uh maximum
till uh next uh tomorrow uh as late at
least till Friday where Hamas will
release the hostages the 50 hostages
from the Israeli side and from the in
return Israel will release a number of
Palestinian captives inside the Israeli
jails and including young children and
women but the talks and the contacts
continued in order to reach this
agreement within the coming hours and TK
what can you tell us about the latest
strikes on
Gaza
yes um absolutely it was a very
terrifying bloody night thank goodness
that we have survived yesterday due to
the Israel Relentless bombing across the
territory the main concentration of
these air strikes were directed towards
the southern areas of Gaza Strip where
hunis City had witnessed a massive
aerial campaign conducted by the Israeli
Air Forces around five residential
houses have been completely destroyed in
kanun City uh where around 15
Palestinians have been killed also two
res itial buildings in der balah town in
the middle governate of the Gaza Strip
had been bombarded where a number of
Palestinians also have been reported
killed uh rafah District was was also
the main concentration of the Israeli
strikes where a residential building has
been destroyed beside the destruction
also and the targeting of the Islamic
Association which considered to be the
the main charity organization in the
south of the Gaza Strip which provides
hundreds of AIDS for locals in the in
the south of the territory meanwhile a
complete residential neighborhood had
been flattened by the Israeli forces in
the central areas of Gaza City inwan
neighborhood and also in a SAA
neighborhood in the north of the Gaza
Strip there are a number of residential
buildings that were targeted during the
last hour okay thank you for that t Abu
aom there for us in KH Unice